docs: Document clearly the available Authentication Strategies (#578)
openactive/openactive-test-suite: README.md

The general aim of this project is to allow end to end testing of the various flows and failure states of the Open Booking API.

Running `npm start` in the root will run the OpenActive Test Suite, which is actually comprised of these packages:

* [Integration Tests](./packages/openactive-integration-tests): this performs automated tests against the API.
* [Broker Microservice](./packages/openactive-broker-microservice/): this sits in between the test suite and the target Open Booking API implementation. This allows the integration tests to watch for changes to the various RPDE feeds.
* [OpenID Test Client](./packages/openactive-openid-test-client): this connects to the target Open Booking API's OpenID Provider. This allows the Broker and Integration tests to authorize with the implementation
* [Test Interface Criteria](./packages/test-interface-criteria/): this allows test suite to tailor specific opportunities to specific tests by implementing the [OpenActive Test Interface](https://openactive.io/test-interface/) Criteria.

# Usage

> Running `npm start` will orchestrate running the [Broker Microservice](./packages/openactive-broker-microservice/) and the [Integration Tests](./packages/openactive-integration-tests/) in order to test your Open Booking API implementation.

Author: Test Client is not "run" by `npm start`. It's just used as a library dependency

For more information see this [documentation](https://github.com/lorenwest/node-config/wiki/Environment-Variables#node_env).

> ### Configuration for `sellers` within `./config/{NODE_ENV}`

Author: This is nearly identical to the section that was in Integration Tests' README with some additional input from the section that was in Broker Microservice's READE (there was some duplicated docs there)

I've moved it here to reflect the fact that `sellers`' config is not in either the `broker` nor `integrationTests` part of the config file

An example, using OpenID Connect Authentication:

```json
  "sellers": {
    "primary": {
      "@type": "Organization",
      "@id": "https://reference-implementation.openactive.io/api/identifiers/sellers/0",
      "authentication": {
        "loginCredentials": {
          "username": "test1",
          "password": "test1"
        }
      },
      "taxMode": "https://openactive.io/TaxGross",
      "paymentReconciliationDetails": {
        "name": "AcmeBroker Points",
        "accountId": "SN1593",
        "paymentProviderId": "STRIPE"
      }
    },
    "secondary": {
      "@type": "Person",
      "@id": "https://reference-implementation.openactive.io/api/identifiers/sellers/1",
      "authentication": {
        "loginCredentials": {
          "username": "test2",
          "password": "test2"
        }
      },
      "taxMode": "https://openactive.io/TaxNet"
    }
  }
```

Description of each field:

* `authentication`: Check out the [**Configuration for Seller Authentication**](#configuration-for-seller-authentication) section.
* `taxMode`: Which [Tax Mode](https://openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/1.0CR3/#tax-mode) is used for this Seller.

>   **Note: If testing both Tax Modes, make sure that there is at least one Seller with each**. Alternatively, if not supporting multiple Sellers, you can run the Test Suite once with `"taxMode": "https://openactive.io/TaxNet"` and once with `"taxMode": "https://openactive.io/TaxGross"`.

Reviewer: Great suggestion to run it twice - though how would this work with the certificate? Is it worth us clarifying that currently it's not possible to generate a certificate that covers both configurations unless multiple Sellers are supported?

Author: This was moved over from existing documentation, but I'll add something to that effect

Author: Done

* `paymentReconciliationDetails`: If testing [Payment Reconciliation Detail Validation](https://openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/1.0CR3/#payment-reconciliation-detail-validation), include the required payment reconciliation details here.

### Configuration for Seller Authentication

In order to make bookings for a specific Seller's Opportunity data, some kind of authentication is required to ensure that the caller is authorized to make bookings for that Seller.

Test Suite allows for a few different options for Seller Authentication. This determines the data to put in the `authentication` field for each Seller:

#### OpenID Connect

[View Spec](https://openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/#openid-connect-booking-partner-authentication-for-multiple-seller-systems)

You'll need the username/password that the Seller can use to log in to your OpenID Connect Provider.

Example:

```json
  "sellers": {
    "primary": {
      // ...
      "authentication": {
        "loginCredentials": {
          "username": "test1",
          "password": "test1"
        }
      }
    },
```

#### Request Headers

> Just a set of request HTTP headers which will be used to make booking requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just a set of request HTTP headers which will be used to make booking requests. There are no restrictions on the `requestHeaders` that can be specified.
```

Example:

```json
  "sellers": {
    "primary": {
      // ...
      "authentication": {
        "loginCredentials": null,
        "requestHeaders": {
          "X-OpenActive-Test-Client-Id": "booking-partner-1",
          "X-OpenActive-Test-Seller-Id": "https://localhost:5001/api/identifiers/sellers/1"
        }
      }
    },
```

> #### Client Credentials

Author: This section was taken from Broker

[OAuth Client Credentials](https://oauth.net/2/grant-types/client-credentials/) are used to make booking requests.

Example:

```json
  "sellers": {
    "primary": {
      // ...
      "authentication": {
        "loginCredentials": null,
        "clientCredentials": {
          "clientId": "clientid_XXX",
          "clientSecret": "example"
        }
      }
    },
```

> This is different from the behaviour in the Client Credentials sub-section mentioned within the [OpenID Connect Booking Partner Authentication for Multiple Seller Systems](https://openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/#openid-connect-booking-partner-authentication-for-multiple-seller-systems) section in the spec as, in this case, Client Credentials are used to make booking requests for this Seller, rather than just to view the Booking Partner's Orders Feed.

Author: Added this part. Before, the docs for this were misleadingly linking to the spec's bit on Client Credentials, which is incorrect as that is for Orders Feed Authentication only

# Contributing

- [Contributing to the project](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Concepts

> ## Booking Partner Authentication Strategy

Author: This link is used in this GitBook PR (in draft at time of writing): https://app.gitbook.com/o/-LJTExWaXZFqcFJ_lZwF/s/-LOMz1IIOd5fl4xzfUYb/~/changes/273/open-booking-api/key-decisions

The method by which a [Booking Partner](https://openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/#dfn-booking-partner) authenticates with the Open Booking API implementation. There are a number of supported strategies, including OpenID Connect, HTTP Header, etc.

Your impementation will need to support at least one Authentication Strategy for each of [**Orders Feed Authentication**](#orders-feed-authentication) and [**Booking Authentication**](#booking-authentication).

### Orders Feed Authentication

How a Booking Partner accesses the [Orders Feed](https://openactive.io/open-booking-api/EditorsDraft/#dfn-orders-feed) containing updates to Orders that they have created.

For Test Suite, the selected Orders Feed Authentication Strategy is configured with the [`broker.bookingPartners` configuration property](./packages/openactive-broker-microservice/README.md#bookingpartners) and documentation on the supported strategies can be found there.

### Booking Authentication

> How a Booking Partner accesses the booking endpoints (C1, C2, B, etc) for a specific Seller's data. This differs from [Orders Feed Authentication](#orders-feed-authentication) as it can be specified at the per-Seller level for Multiple Seller Systems (relevant feature: [`multiple-sellers`](packages/openactive-integration-tests/test/features/core/multiple-sellers/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication of the Booking Partner authorises them access to the booking endpoints (C1, C2, B, etc) for a specific Seller's data. This differs from [Orders Feed Authentication](#orders-feed-authentication) as it can be specified at the per-Seller level for Multiple Seller Systems (relevant feature: [`multiple-sellers`](packages/openactive-integration-tests/test/features/core/multiple-sellers/)).
```

Author: I appreciate where you're going with this. I'll leave it as is for now as I think it reads more easily
